doc updated (#499)
fossasia/pslab-desktop: README.md

For testing purpose, you can install the snap package generated by the above command using:
```bash
sudo snap install --dangerous --classic <snap-package-name>
```

***

# Current Project Status
Currently the following components have been implemented and tested:

### 1. Easy to use UI
The UI has been desgined to match the existing android app so that the user does not have to invest time on understanding the desktop app from scratch.
<img src="./docs/images/home_screen.jpg" width="700px"/>

### 2. Oscilloscope
A four channel oscilloscope with a 25FPS refresh rate. Comes with features like variable time-base, fourier transform, sine/square fitting and XY plotting.
<img src="./docs/images/oscilloscope.jpg" width="700px"/>

### 3. Logic analyser

> A four channel logic analyser. It supports variable edge detection modes so that the user can analyse different aspects of PWM wavees.    

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A four channel logic analyser. It supports variable edge detection modes for the user to analyze digital waveforms.
```

<img src="./docs/images/logic_analyser.jpg" width="700px"/>

### 4. Multimeter
It can be used to measure voltage, resistance, capacitance, wave frequency etc.
<img src="./docs/images/multimeter.jpg" width="700px"/>

### 5. Wave generator

> This can be used to generate sine/triangular and PWM waves of different frequencies and phase values.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This can be used to generate sine/triangular and PWM waves of different frequencies and phase angles.  
```

<img src="./docs/images/wave_generator.jpg" width="700px"/>

### 6. Power source

> 3 programmable voltage sources and 1 programmable current source that can be used to power external circuits.

Reviewer: Let's use words instead of numbers. 3 -> three

<img src="./docs/images/power_source.jpg" width="700px"/>

### 7. Robotic arm
A neat UI that can be used to program 4 servo motors ( placed in a robotic arm ) using a timeline.
<img src="./docs/images/robot.jpg" width="700px"/>

### 8. Data logger

> Data can be caputred in CSV files and played back using this functionality.

Reviewer: captured and saved in a CSV file ...

<img src="./docs/images/data_logger.jpg" width="700px"/>

> # Goals

Reviewer: Sort this list in order of importance. Eg: code refactoring could be the last while I2C issue could be brought up

* [x] Implement all major instruments
* [x] Have an effective build system for linux and windows
* [x] Have a basic data logging feature in place
* [ ] Make data logging and playback more robust
* [ ] Code refactoring and architecture improvement

> * [ ] Implement more minor instruments 

Reviewer: Would be better if some examples were given

> * [ ] Implement interface for I2C sensors

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Implement interface for I<sup>2</sup>C sensors
```
